hello all bio acid here just a little
quick halo reach video I guess playing
invasion slayer the other day on
boneyards I honestly enjoyed like
planets an elite lot of enabler but I
was just mucking around I was just have
a little bit of the search around trying
to find out there's any little gap so
close as you can get into and I can't
cross this super slingshot I guess you a
call it super bounce not Aria super
bounce more like used to be super slide
maybe you'll find out soon as I show you
just a couple of different angles of the
clip in question and you can judge for
yourself I've to go to make a video
about this because it's well it's fun
you might be able to find more in our
public and thirdly the bungee know so
they can slightly hopefully fix it
before the full game release so this
will be going up on bungie.net as well
as youtube or in my file share bile
acids with a Z on the end on this I try
that as well if you want to have a bit
more of a walk or if you want me to show
you then to me an Xbox Live message and
we'll jump into an invasion game and I
can I hopefully be able to show you I
haven't tried this as a Spartan yet but
as an elite it works wonders and the pre
no just froze you across the map for one
end to another I no matter of seconds
thank you don't get hurt or anything
just a bit of fun something to do so
yeah check it out and let me know you
think either and I reply on bungie.net
or on YouTube here or wherever you watch
this video at or I'm yeah recommend it
to your friends and my fault share they
can check it out give it a go as well
all right guys
so yeah guys that's pretty much it I
hope you enjoyed it if you want to know
where in the map it is it's pretty much
just directly under the main area we
drop off once the first sound generators
is destroyed just have to the left there
you play and Slayer it's just me that
middle arm the middle capture point I
guess or territory after the left is
gone to the underneath a little bit of
bridge there you crouch walk in and you
try and do like you wouldn't hello to
the super jumpy don't try and jump a
little bit to cause it to shake there's
no shaking but as you say as I stood up
just fired me out of there so yeah hope
you enjoyed it recommend to your friends
if you want again if you want more
information about it just uh sent me a
message or whatever and i'll let you
know whenever I can it's almost gone
next time goes by